update: add link to issue "Do not mix several JVM variants of kotlin-test" to gradle.md (#2243)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/gradle.md

adding the line `kotlin.test.infer.jvm.variant=false` to the project’s `gradle.properties`. 
Once you do this, add the framework as a Gradle dependency.

If you had used a variant of `kotlin("test")` in your build script explicitly and project build stopped working with
a conflict on capability, 

> look [the compatibility guide](compatibility-guide-15.md#do-not-mix-several-jvm-variants-of-kotlin-test-in-a-single-project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see [this issue in the Compatibility Guide](compatibility-guide-15.md#do-not-mix-several-jvm-variants-of-kotlin-test-in-a-single-project).
```
